[DRAMATIC SOUND]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
>> Hello.
My name is Darryl Anka.
And for the past
40 years, I have
been channeling an
extraterrestrial entity
that we call Bashar.
Bashar is a first
contact specialist
from his civilization,
which is called Essassani,
which is in a parallel reality.
If we were to overlap
their reality with ours,
his planet would be about 500
light years in the direction
of the Orion constellation.
He's brought through
a lot of information
to us over the last
40 years, and we're
going to explore and share
some of that information today
in this series.
My experience with
him began in 1973,
when I had two broad
daylight UFO sightings
here over Los Angeles,
which started investigating
the idea of what
that was all about,
and led me to the understanding
that Bashar and I have
made an agreement to do this
channeling before this life.
So we would like to present
that information to you
in this series.
[VOCALIZATION]
[OMINOUS SOUND]
And as I say, good day to
you this day of your time.
How are you?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
But the idea is
not to get signs.
The idea is to know within
yourself, within your mind,
within your soul, within your
heart, that you are not alone.
And to open up your
hearts and your minds
and your spirits to
the understanding
that you are connected
to the cosmos.
That you are part of a galactic
family and a spiritual family,
that you are not alone.
That has to be real for you
before the signs can occur.
[OMINOUS SOUND]
And now, we come to the
$64,000 question, are we alone?
Obviously, in explaining to
you that I have been channeling
an extraterrestrial
consciousness for 40 years,
I believe we are not alone.
Our society has recently
expanded its ideas
about extraterrestrials.
In the past few years, we
have discovered literally
thousands of extrasolar
planets around other stars.
And we're beginning to realize
that this is the rule rather
than the exception.
Now, not all of those planets
are capable of harboring life
as we know it.
But calculations have
been made that would
admit that there probably are
at least thousands, if not tens
of thousands or even
millions of planets that
are capable of harboring
life as we know it
throughout the universe.
But the question that a lot
of people have is not so much,
is there life out there?
Because most people
at this point
would admit that it's
probably ridiculous to think
that in the entire universe,
there is no other life at all.
The question really
is, but are they here?
Have they traveled to Earth?
Obviously, there have
been just thousands
upon thousands of what
are called UFO sightings,
or what are now referred
to as UAP sightings
across the globe for
a long, long time.
And some of those sightings,
some of which I've had myself,
are irrefutable as machines
that fly through the air.
They are not mysterious
lights in the distance.
Many people have seen UFOs up
close and personal and cannot
deny what they've seen any more
than they could deny seeing
an airplane in the sky, or
a helicopter at close range.
So the question is, are these
really extraterrestrial craft?
Are they craft that come
from our own planet?
Advanced technological craft
from our own government
or some other
foreign government.
So the idea is to understand
how these UFOs operate,
and to understand
that they are still
doing things that are at
least as far as we know,
beyond our technical capability.
The idea also
extends into what are
called contact events,
or encounter events,
or even into the realm that
is known as alien abduction.
And in that realm,
most people report
seeing a certain kind
of extraterrestrial that
has become known as the Greys.
Now, Bashar has a very unique
story about who the Greys are
and why they're here and
doing what it is they're doing
in these so-called abductions.
The idea for him is not so much
that the Greys are truly alien,
but that they come from
a parallel reality.
And that in their
parallel reality,
long ago, they used to
be as human as we are.
That they were more
technologically minded,
more advanced, but also
perhaps a little bit
behind in the
spirituality department.
They took for granted the idea,
as many humans on this Earth
are doing, of their
connection to nature,
didn't really honor their
and eventually really
destroyed their ecosystem,
destroyed their forests,
destroyed their oceans,
destroyed the atmosphere
with their technology.
And it reached a
tipping point, according
to Bashar's story, that was
finally too late to reverse.
As humans, they could not
survive in their normal fashion.
They had to go
underground, they had
to create underground
cities and colonies in order
to filter out the
pollutants from their world.
But it wasn't good enough.
Eventually, they found that
they could no longer reproduce
because the
pollutants had entered
their system to the point where
they could not be excised.
And they lost a lot of
their normal abilities.
They began to realize that
their species was dying out,
and their version of Earth
was becoming a wasteland.
So they had to start
mutating themselves
to adapt to the
environment more and more.
And they became ultimately
used to living underground,
gained more and more
abilities of being
able to survive that
way, enlarged their eyes
to see in the dark, and
became the beings ultimately,
over generations that we
know now as the Greys.
The idea is they knew
that they were dying out,
and even cloning wasn't
going to help them
continue their civilization.
So according to
Bashar's story, they
used their advanced
technology to tunnel
into different parallel
realities, different versions
of Earth that existed
alongside theirs, where
human DNA was still viable,
such as our reality.
And they chose to
take human DNA,
extract it from people that they
had abducted in order to blend
it with their
genetics and create
a hybrid race or several
hybrid races that would allow
their civilization to survive.
Based on some of the information
that I originally talked about,
where long ago another ET race
called the Anunnaki created Homo
sapiens by injecting
their genetics
into the naturally-evolved
hominid called Homo erectus,
creating a hybrid species
called Homo sapiens.
Now, this represents the
idea of a second generation
of hybridization of the
human species by the Greys
to create these hybrids
that would not only
perpetuate their
civilization, but in return
as a gift for the gift
we have given them
of continuing to exist,
the hybrids themselves,
such as Bashar's civilization,
are willing to see us as family.
They're connected
to us genetically
and are willing to give us the
information that they have been
giving us for the past four
decades and longer to help us
avoid the same pitfalls and
the same result that destroyed
the Grey civilization because
they recognize we're doing many
of the same things that
the Greys ultimately
did to destroy their
version of Earth.
So in applying this information
from Bashar to our lives,
we can seek better paths,
more constructive avenues,
more positive ways of doing
things so that we do not
follow the Greys in
their destruction
of their version of Earth.
Now, one of the questions, one
of the main questions people
have about whether
or not ETs can
reach Earth is the idea of
the great and vast distances
between the stars.
We do understand that there
may be life out there,
but many people simply do not
believe that it can reach us.
That no technology
can actually make
it possible from spanning
these vast gulfs of distance
between different star systems.
Well, but more recently,
even our own scientists,
a few of them, have
realized that there
are ways around this idea.
There are ways around
this shortcoming.
And that while they can
prove mathematically
that it is possible to
go to a different star
system in a relatively
short amount of time,
the math works for
those equations,
they say that the
only impediment
is that we simply now don't
have the technology to do so.
But a civilization 100
years, 1,000 years,
10,000 years ahead of ours
might have solved these problems
of technology.
Might have different
ways of understanding
how to travel from star
to star in a relatively
quick amount of time.
Bashar has explained the way
that his civilization does this.
And without going
into great detail
and putting it in
simple terms, here
is what he said works for them.
We consider an object to exist
in a location in space and time.
But they don't think
of it that way.
They say that every object
has a certain frequency to it.
It is made up of different
patterns of energy.
They can look at those patterns
of energy almost as an equation.
One part of that equation
is the object's location
in space and time.
So they don't see an object
as existing in space and time,
they see location as part of
the description of an object.
They have developed the
ability to reach in and change
that locational variable
in the equation that
makes up that object,
such as a spaceship.
And by changing its
locational variable,
they can change it from
location A to location B
by mapping out the
universe as a variety
of different
spatial coordinates.
And by imposing a
spatial coordinate
on their spaceships and the
crew within to represent
a location at a
far distant star,
and by truly overwhelming
the energy of that object,
then they can allow that object
to disappear from location A
and suddenly take up
residence at location B
without actually having traveled
the intervening distance.
It's really like an
instantaneous relocation
of that idea.
Again, going back to the
holographic principle
that everything actually exists
everywhere in the universe,
and it simply by imposing a
certain vibration upon it that
causes it to manifest
at one location,
as opposed to the location
that it previously occupied.
This is an extremely
advanced technology.
They are thousands
of years ahead of us,
but it makes it possible
for civilizations
that have mastered those
kinds of technologies
to instantly travel from
one star to another easily,
and therefore to visit
planets such as Earth
and to be seen as the
UFOs in our skies.
Bashar has said that one day
after open contact occurs,
we also will learn to master
these kinds of technologies,
and that one day we will
travel to other planets
and we will become their UFOs,
and they will wonder about us.
And we may be able to help them
reach a new age of understanding
of life in the galaxy,
life in the universe,
and allow us to present
them with the possibility
of open contact, as Bashar is
presenting this possibility
to us.
Now, the other
thing I would like
to talk about, because we're
talking about soul's journey
here and spiritual journeys
is the idea that we are not
only not alone with regard to
physical extraterrestrials,
but we are never alone anyway
because we have connections
to spirit.
We have spirit guides.
We have soul families.
The idea is for us to
know that they are always
there to help us when
we really need it,
and for us to know that we are
always receiving that help,
even though we may not
always be aware of it.
So the very question
of, "Are we alone?"
can be answered not
only on a physical,
but also on a spiritual level.
And the answer is no.
We have a lot of help going on.
And the idea of
praying for guidance,
the idea of asking for
help is not so much
something that we don't have.
The idea of asking for help
is to be in a state of grace,
a state of allowance, a state
of gratitude and appreciation,
to be able to be more
aware of the help
that we are already
always receiving.
So the idea is to not
think of that we are alone,
but to really understand that
we have probably never, ever
been alone.
So to talk about the idea of
where these extraterrestrials
are that are visiting
us, Bashar, of course,
is from a civilization that
he has described very often
in the channelings that I do.
The planet in their ancient
language is called Essassani,
and it means place
of living light.
Their planet is not unlike
Earth, but it's much greener,
has a little bit more
water, more oxygen.
We could survive
there if we made
a shift into their
parallel reality
and landed on their planet.
And the idea is that we
might be a little bit
dizzy at first because
of the extra oxygen,
but we could adapt to it.
We could get used to it.
Now, he said that their
planet is left very green.
They don't really have a lot of
built up cities or structures
on the planet, except
temporary ones that
may serve a temporary purpose.
Their spaceships
are their cities.
And some of their
spaceships are quite large,
what you might call
motherships or city
ships that can actually hold
hundreds of thousands of people.
However, the population
on their planet
is nowhere near
what it is on Earth.
At any given time, the
population of Essassani
may not exceed about
300 million individuals.
But the idea is that some
are living on the planet,
some are in ships
exploring different things,
and Bashar specifically
presents himself
as a first contact
specialist, which
means it is his passion
to go and explore and meet
different civilizations,
to make contact
with different alien
species in different planets
and different dimensions, and to
explore the possibility of them
joining, in a sense, their
interstellar alliance,
or to simply have some
form of relationship that
expands everyone.
This is why they're excited
about interacting with Earth.
We do things very
differently than they do.
They are learning
from us different ways
that beings have of expressing
themselves in the same way
we may be learning
things from him.
And to them, this expands
the Galactic family
that we belong to and
that they belong to.
Now, he has talked about
some different civilizations.
He's talked about
civilizations that exist
in the star system of Sirius.
He's talked about civilizations
that exist in the star systems
that we label as Orion.
He's talked about the
Pleiades star systems
as having habitable
planets in it.
He's talked about the
Lyran systems also.
And he's talked about
other dimensional beings
that may exist beyond our
physical understanding
of reality.
But nonetheless,
may be interacting
with levels of our consciousness
that we may be unaware of,
or we may encounter
in dream experiences
when our physical minds
are out of the way
and our spirit selves are more
open to receiving connections
and communications
from beings that
don't have any
kind of similarity
to us as a physical being.
So there are many
different civilizations
that Bashar has talked about.
He's saying that in terms of
their interstellar alliance,
there is well over at least 200
civilizations that belong to it,
and that there are many, many
thousands of civilizations that
populate our galaxy alone,
let alone the other galaxies
in our universe, let alone
the galaxies that may
exist in parallel realities.
So we are far from alone.
The universe, in a sense,
is teeming with life.
And if we are willing to open
up to the idea of contact
with other
civilizations, we will
know very quickly that we
are certainly not alone.
So with regard to
open contact, why
is this a matter
of discussion now?
Why is this important?
Even our own government
has begun to admit
that UFOs actually do exist.
They have been captured
on cameras, on planes,
and all sorts of ways.
We're beginning to start to open
up to look at this phenomenon
as a real phenomena that
deserves a little bit
more investigation, perhaps
a lot more investigation.
Bashar has said that in a
sense, when we started thinking
about life on other planets,
that it might be more possible.
We sent out an energy
invitation to them,
and they responded to it.
This is the way that they
usually initiate contact
with other civilizations.
Is by finding some individuals
that they can send information
through, and they
observe what people
do with that information
in that civilization,
whether they accept it and apply
it, or whether they reject it.
And they use that as a
barometer for whether
or not open contact is something
that that civilization wants.
Because they leave it up to us.
They leave it in our hands
to decide whether that's
where we want to go.
They don't want to interfere
with our civilization.
They want us to
make the decision
as to whether that's something
that is beneficial for us.
They are willing to
interact with us but only
at our true invitation.
So the idea is he is sensing
that more and more people are
exploring the expansion
of consciousness.
More and more people
are aware that life
is possible on other planets.
More and more
people are exploring
their own spiritual journeys.
This opens up the avenue for
more of these discussions.
It brings us closer
to their vibration.
And when we meet them halfway,
is when Bashar said, then
open contact is possible.
Now, Bashar rarely
makes predictions
because he has said,
in a sense, there's
no such thing as a
prediction of the future.
There is a sensing
by certain people
of the energy that exists at the
moment the prediction is made.
And if that energy
doesn't change,
then the prediction
can come to pass.
If the prediction makes
itself known in a way
that people don't
want that to happen,
they can change the
energy and the prediction
will become obsolete.
That doesn't mean the
initial prediction was wrong,
it just means that the energy of
the moment that the prediction
was made has changed,
and now we've
gone down a different path.
But now and then, Bashar
will make a prediction
when he feels that the
momentum and the energy
behind the prediction
is so strong that it's
unlikely to change.
For example, in 1998, and
this was recorded on tape,
Bashar said that it
was very probable
that there would be a
terrorist attack on New
York before the end of 2001.
Obviously, that
has come to pass.
He has said before
the 2016 election
that after it in the United
States, everything would change.
I think many people would
agree that has come to pass.
The most recent
prediction he has
been willing to make that he
feels is unlikely to shift
is he has said there is
over a 90% probability
that by the end of 2026
or the beginning of 2027,
there will be some
sort of contact event
that would be
relatively undeniable.
He is not saying
why that happens,
he's not saying what
causes it to happen,
he is simply saying
that at that point,
there is a high degree of
probability that people on Earth
will understand and know that
extraterrestrial life does
exist, that contact is
potentially possible.
We will have to wait and
see exactly what events may
bring that about and
whether or not that
prediction comes to pass.
But as I said, it's rare for
him to make such predictions,
and the others that he has
made in the past have, in fact,
happened.
So we will all
together wait and see
if this is an opportunity
for us to open up
to the possibility
of open contact.
But they will be
watching to see what
we do with that
event, whatever it is,
and however it unfolds because
our reactions and our responses
to it are what's going to
tell them whether we are ready
or not.
For example, there is a very
famous UFO sighting called
the Phoenix lights that took
place back in the late '90s that
happened where a large mile-long
craft passed very slowly over
the state of Arizona and was
witnessed by more than 10,000
individuals.
There was hardly any
mention of it on the news,
unless there was
being passed off
as flares, or planes,
or lights from balloons,
or something like that.
How we responded to that,
denying that that happened,
denying 10,000 witnesses was an
indication to Bashar and other
extraterrestrials that are
observing Earth that we simply
were not ready for contact yet.
So we will see what happens
if this event occurs,
as Bashar has said it might.
And we will see what
our response is,
and more importantly, the ETs
will see what our response is.
And that will determine how
quickly open contact on Earth
might occur.
[PENSIVE MUSIC]
Now, in light of all
that's been said,
humans can play a very active
role in initiating contact.
There are many
groups that are going
into what they call CE-5
encounters, where they're going
out into certain remote areas.
They are sending up lights,
they are sending up thoughts,
they are reaching out
telepathically and energetically
to invite the ETs to come
and interact with us.
And some of them
have had some measure
of success in getting
responses from the UFOs.
People might shine certain
lights or flash certain lights,
and the UFOs will flash
lights back at them
in the same pattern.
Things like this are the very
beginning stages of contact.
So I would encourage
people to go out,
to not be afraid to
initiate contact in this way
because, again, the more people
that are willing to say, yes, we
know you're here, we know
you've always been here,
we're willing and ready to
accept the idea that we belong
to a bigger universe, a bigger
family than we ever thought,
and we're willing to have
open contact with you,
then perhaps the faster
open contact can occur.
So by all means, use
your imaginations,
go out, do the things
that would allow
you to express your willingness
to have open contact.
And ideally, the ETs
will respond in some way,
shape, or form
sooner than later.
[PENSIVE MUSIC]